Add OSO Energy Service documentation (#33070)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/osoenergy.markdown

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Services

### Service `osoenergy.get_profile`

> You can use the service `osoenergy.get_profile` to get the temperature profile for a water heater. Each temperature corresponds to the a given local hour during the current day, e.g. temperature at index 1 corresponds to 01:00 local time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the service `osoenergy.get_profile` to get the temperature profile for a water heater. Each temperature corresponds to a given local hour during the current day. For example, a temperature at index 1 corresponds to 01:00 local time.
```

| Service data attribute | Optional | Description                                        |
| ---------------------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------- |

> | `entity_id`            | no       | String, Name of entity e.g., `water_heater.heater` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `entity_id`            | no       | String, name of entity. For example: `water_heater.heater` |
```

Example:

```yaml
# Example script to set temperature profile for a water heater.
script:
  set_profile:
    sequence:
      - service: osoenergy.set_profile
        target:
          entity_id: water_heater.heater
        data:
          hour_00: 70
          hour_01: 70
          hour_02: 70
          hour_03: 70
          hour_04: 70
          hour_05: 70
          hour_06: 70
          hour_07: 70
          hour_08: 70
          hour_09: 70
          hour_10: 70
          hour_11: 70
          hour_12: 70
          hour_13: 70
          hour_14: 70
          hour_15: 70
          hour_16: 70
          hour_17: 70
          hour_18: 70
          hour_19: 70
          hour_20: 70
          hour_21: 70
          hour_22: 70
          hour_23: 70
```

### Service `osoenergy.set_v40_min`

You can use the service `osoenergy.set_v40_min` to set the minimum quantity of water at 40°C for a water heater.

| Service data attribute | Optional | Description                                                                   |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `entity_id`            | no       | String, Name of entity e.g., `water_heater.heater`                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `entity_id`            | no       | String, name of entity. For example:  `water_heater.heater`        f entity e.g., `water_heater.heater`                            |
```

> | `v40_min`              | no       | Specify the minimum quantity of water at 40°C for a water heater, e.g., `240` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `v40_min`              | no       | Specify the minimum quantity of water at 40°C for a water heater.  For example, `240` |
```

Examples:

```yaml
# Example script to set minimum water level on a water heater, v40 min specified.
script:
  set_v40:
    sequence:
      - service: osoenergy.set_v40_min
        target:
          entity_id: water_heater.heater
        data:
          v40_min: 240
```

### Service `osoenergy.turn_off`

You can use the service `osoenergy.turn_off` to turn off the heating on your device for one hour or until the minimum temperature is reached.

| Service data attribute | Optional | Description                                                                                                       |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `entity_id`            | no       | String, Name of entity e.g., `water_heater.heater`                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `entity_id`            | no       | String, name of entity. For example:  `water_heater.heater`                                                                |
```

> | `until_temp_limit`     | no       | Choose if heating should be off until minimum temperature (`True`) is reached or for one hour (`False`), e.g., `True` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `until_temp_limit`     | no       | Choose, if the heating should be off until the minimum temperature (`True`) is reached, or for one hour (`False`). For example, `True` |
```

Examples:

```yaml
# Example script to turn off heating, until temp limit specified.
script:
  turn_off:
    sequence:
      - service: osoenergy.turn_off
        target:
          entity_id: water_heater.heater
        data:
          until_temp_limit: true
```

### Service `osoenergy.turn_on`

You can use the service `osoenergy.turn_on` to turn on the heating on your device for one hour or until the maximum temperature is reached.

| Service data attribute | Optional | Description                                                                                                      |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `entity_id`            | no       | String, Name of entity e.g., `water_heater.heater`                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `entity_id`            | no       | String, name of entity. For example: `water_heater.heater`                                                               |
```

> | `until_temp_limit`     | no       | Choose if heating should be on until maximum temperature (`True`) is reached or for one hour (`False`), e.g., `True` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `until_temp_limit`     | no       | Choose, if the heating should be on until the maximum temperature (`True`) is reached, or for one hour (`False`). For example, `True` |
```

Examples:

```yaml

> # Example script to turn on heating, until temp limit specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Example script to turn on the heating until the specified temperature limit has been reached.
```
